the youngsters have found their way back
[Music]
unlike their mother they haven't had
time to work out how to steer clear of
people and livestock and this time
they're exploring upriver towards poor
us just five miles from the village they
head into big trouble
[Music]
donkeys have been bred to be docile and
they have no instinct of how to escape
no animal has a concept of restraint
predators least of all
these last 45 minutes could be their
undoing and it puts flip in a really
awkward position he doesn't want the
Cubs killed but keeps to his promise to
inform the village these two young lions
are very important to to your
Conservancy but if any of your livestock
you know you can shoot them if they
cause problems shame and it is not for
me to say or ask for you not to shoot
them that's your decision
and all I'm saying to you is before
people shoot them if they kill livestock
you've got to think very carefully
those two lions who were born here they
used to this area and that's very
valuable
the lands have a lucky break
since the donkeys were living wild the
community decides to be lenient this
time
you
[Music]